docs: install global (#2397)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/index.md

Vitest requires Vite >=v3.0.0 and Node >=v14
:::

> if you want to run `vitest` globally, you should install it in global.
> 
> With npm
> ```bash
> npm install -g vitest
> ```
> or with yarn
> ```bash
> yarn add -g vitest
> ```
> or with pnpm
> ```bash
> pnpm add -g vitest
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Based on the discussion in the original ticket, perhaps this would be an acceptable addition to the documentation:

```suggestion
It is recommended that you install a copy of `vitest` in your `package.json`, using one of the methods listed above. However, if you would prefer to run `vitest` directly, you can use `npx vitest` (the `npx` command comes with npm and Node.js).

```
